ESPORTS

CPU: 
In gaming, a processor is not exactly the most important component in a system, but atleast a quard-core processor is required so that
other components will  not be bottlenecked by the it. Overclocking can be beneficial especially you plan to edit content along side gaming.

MOBO:
While many may claim the motherboard may not be that important component, its still ties all the components together and is important to match
correctly with other components. With respect to your choice, this motherboard is the one you are looking for.

RAM:
Most people have big concerns with memory, however when it comes to any kind of modern gaming the standard ram capacity has been stated and approriate
model have been suggested to you.

GPU:
Graphics card is the most important component when it comes to a gaming computer, a good graphics card will allow the games to run smoothly
at that approriate resolution. There are so many to choose from, but out system has determined the best one for you E sports gaming require a moderate 
graphics card without leaning too much towards high end.

PSU:
Power supply is the component which may people choose to ignore in terms of quality and priotorization, but ultimately its the component providing 
the means ofr energy to operate them. Ofcourse, considering all other components of the build a good power supply has already been determined.

SSD:
Solid state drives are expensive components but for modern gaming, its important for faster load times and will save lot of time required for 
most applications, as esports are all about speed and accuracy, SSD is a must, well atleast for operating system drive. They are With greater lifespan 
than any other storage media and you wont even hear them running. A good combination for capacity and type has been sugguested, but it wont stop you
to choose capcaity and type. 

HHD:
But then again, one cannot go wrong with the good old hard drives if you just need to store lot of data without worrying too much about speed.
While we try to recommend based on average usage, its completely upto you to choose the right capacity.

CASE:
The case is where you can really have fun selecting color and design, although of course there are practical considerations to overcome first. 
You need to select a case size that will fit and be compatible with your other components. Most of the components have slots 
that they need to fit in as well, so your PC case will need to provide enough of these for your components to fit inside with room for air flow. 

COOLING:
Technically a computer build is an electronic device, so yes it will require a good cooling especailly processor. Based on you requirements and
options selected approriate solution has been stated.

DISPLAY:
What resolution? What Refresh rate? Does it has g-sync support? All these question aare major considerations while selecting a monitor but 
our system really knows which monitor is best fir for you needs.

