GAMING

Most games require a multi-threaded workload, which means a processor with multiple cores. 
If you’re going to attempt to overclock your rig, it’s important to remember that not only will there be an increase in power consumption, 
but also core PC temperature. Be sure to take both into account when selecting a power supply and additional cooling systems. 
Before taking either steps though, you’ll first want to make sure the CPU you have or are looking to purchase supports overclocking, 
as all processors must be paired with a motherboard that supports overclocking.

Socket types need to be compatible between the motherboard and the CPU. For RAM; type, speed, capacity, size,
and the number of RAM slots needs to work with the motherboard and the PC case you want to use

You can choose either a traditional hard drive or a solid state drive to store your data. If you choose an HDD, 
you need 7200RPM and a cache memory of 8MB or 16MB for gaming. 
The interface; ATA, PATA, or SATA, must match what the motherboard has installed

If you want quicker read/write latency times and faster game loading, you will want to consider an SSD. 
Again, the interface consists of the most popular ATA, PATA and SATA ports,and 
these will need to match what your motherboard already offers. SSDs are more expensive than HDDs, so consider your budget carefully.


Because the video card supports in-game graphics, you’ll want to get something that will render the graphics at your selected display settings. 
Your video card should have between 2GB and 12GB of dedicated memory and comfortably deliver a consistent fps (frames per second) at a minimum to avoid pronounced framerate lag. 
For VR gaming, you’ll need a video card that can deliver 90fps to avoid motion sickness-inducing framerate stuttering.

he case is where you can really have fun, although of course there are practical considerations to overcome first. 
You need to select a case size that will fit and be compatible with your other components. 
Most of the components have slots that they need to fit in as well, 
so your PC case will need to provide enough of these for your components to fit inside with room for air flow. 
The two most common sizes are a mid-tower (smaller) or a full tower size. 
If space is a consideration, you’ll want to try to get your components into a mid-tower.

Don’t overlook your power supply. A good power supply will provide at least three different DC voltages for the various components. 
For most gaming computers, you’ll need a minimum of 500W to run everything, but pay close attention to the component specs. 
If you selected components with increased power needs, do the math and make sure your power supply is adequate.

If you are looking to play in 4K, you’ll need to pay special attention to your monitor. 
Get the highest refresh rate you can find  (minimum 75Hz) as this indicates how many frames will be displayed per second (75Hz being a max of 75fps, 120Hz being 120fps, etc.,). 
There’s no point in paying for an expensive computer capable of running 1080p at 120fps if your monitor is the limiting factor
and won’t display above 60Hz.



